[Music]
fifteen must-have apps that can make you
more productive we all spend tons of
time on our smartphone which let's be
honest takes a real toll on our
productivity if we're gonna be glued to
our phones why not use them to our
advantage there are actually tons of
mobile apps out there that can help you
stop wasting time and start being more
productive so here are the 15 best apps
that'll do just that but before we start
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and turn on post notifications so that
you won't miss any of our new videos
[Music]
number 15 cloud Cal since everyone's
always on the lookout for the most
convenient mobile planar cloud Cal is
definitely a top choice this is a free
calendar that combines all of your
Google and Outlook calendars into one
easy to use app plus it gives you an
instant overview of your events and
tasks from Facebook
Evernote Trello Meetup and event right
so if you're still looking for the
perfect planner to organize your life
here it is
sorry iOS users but this app can only be
found in the Play market for Android
devices number 14 TeamViewer
if you've never heard of TeamViewer well
where have you been just kidding but
this program really is a lifesaver
it's the most popular service for a
remote computer or mobile device control
so if you work from home or couldn't get
into the office for some reason and
you're having PC problems just install
TeamViewer it lets your computer savvy
friend or an IT specialist fix your
issue remotely pretty awesome huh
thankfully this app is free to download
for Android iOS and Windows users
[Music]
number thirteen google keep this handy
app is designed for creating notes and
with Google keep onboard there's no way
you can forget anything it has tons of
incredible and must-have features for
example you can add tags to your notes
for quick access dictate notes on-the-go
sort notes by color add scans text and
even share them with co-workers and
family all of your ideas thoughts and
documents will always be with you
wherever you are again it's available
for Android iOS and Windows devices
number 12
headspace do you meditate often or
perhaps you're thinking about giving it
a shot
well headspace is a great community for
both beginners and experienced
meditators this app will definitely help
you on your way to obtaining inner peace
and harmony with daily meditation
sessions of just 10 minutes or more if
you need it
you can meditate before bedtime or even
on the go headspace will guide you with
the help of cartoons videos and audio if
you have a smartphone headphones and
some privacy you're all set see all of
the beauty of this app for yourself by
downloading it on your iOS or Android
device number 11 pocket whoever thought
of this app definitely wins the bright
mind award for me you know how you can
find a bunch of interesting articles
online but you just can't ever find the
time to actually read them with constant
studying or working they just get lost
in a sea of forgotten articles and
you're left with missed chances of
learning something new but not with a
pocket app and lets you save your
favorite articles till later with just
one click
it's basically an archive where you can
save reading materials and quickly
access specific ones with the help of
tags you can download it on any Android
iOS or Windows device
[Music]
number ten brain fm if music is the only
way you can de-stress and unwind then
brain dot FM will definitely be music to
your ears the name says it all it
contains a huge collection of music for
work sleep or meditation that does your
brain good by combining music with
auditory neuroscience the apps melodies
will improve your attention and help you
focus when you're working on something
as for relaxing at home and drifting off
to sleep it can help you out with that
to just install it on your iOS or
Android device and enjoy number nine
Trello Trello is one of the most popular
online project management systems it's
even gotten the attention of small
businesses and startups which says a lot
about its usefulness don't you think
downloading trilha will allows you to
organize your work but not in some
mundane run-of-the-mill way it uses the
Japanese method of Kanban boards the app
will sort all your tasks according to
the degree of their implementation
putting them into three categories to do
doing and done and good news is that
this app is available for everybody
whether you have an Android iOS or
Windows Device number 8 coach me habit
trackers are another thing you can
download so that your phone stops eating
your time and boost your productivity
instead and in this category coach me is
the cream of the crop this app turns
task completion into a fun game it
allows you to make your own lists of
goals and sends you a daily reminder
about them ready to stop procrastinating
and start getting stuff done today
then coach me needs to be on your iOS or
Android device number 7 Dropbox
we don't ever think that we'll be that
person whose laptop crashes or gets
stolen and they lose all their important
documents and personal photos that is
until it happens to us so you can't go
wrong with having an online backup for
those just in case situations and here's
where Dropbox comes in it's basically a
cloud storage program so that you can
have everything you need on hand at any
possible time just try it for your iOS
Android or Windows Device you'll be glad
you did
[Music]
number 6
Flipboard if your typical meeting starts
with opening about five different apps
to check the latest news or see what's
up on Facebook Instagram or Twitter then
Flipboard may just be what you need it's
a magazine that gets updates from all
the apps and social media accounts you
decide to connect to it the classic
example of all-in-one but better
Flipboard is available for iOS Android
and Windows devices so you can get all
the information you need in one
convenient place number five Forrest
this one is really cool it basically
forces you to concentrate on your work
so that you can grow your own forest let
me explain you can set a timer from 30
minutes to 2 hours at the start you have
just a little seating but as time goes
on it grows into a tree however if you
close the app or switch to another one
the tree dies so the trick is to stay
focused so that your tree thrives and
eventually grows into a whole forest and
for each tree grown you get points that
you can later exchange for new kinds of
trees to make your forest even more
beautiful you can also share your
achievements on Facebook or Twitter if
you like the app is available on iOS and
Android devices number for Lumosity
this list wouldn't be complete without
one of the most popular brain training
programs out there simply speaking
Lumosity selects an individual training
program just for you based on things
like memory attention span reaction time
and problem solving all you have to do
is train several days a week and the
brain boosting results won't disappoint
hurry up and get this helpful app for
your Android or iOS device number three
remind oh are you always beating
yourself up for forgetting names dates
and important events well not anymore
because reminder will be your secret
weapon against absent-mindedness this
app conveniently groups tasks by
categories like birthdays business
meetings shopping lists and even release
dates of your favorite movies and shows
create your own lists and stay on top of
your game with this irreplaceable helper
in your pocket unfortunately this app
isn't available for Windows but it's
just one click away for iOS and Android
users number two sleep cycle we all know
that the power of a good night's sleep
can't be underestimated I mean getting
your eight hours isn't just recommended
it's a must of course regular ole alarms
are pretty good at getting the job done
but they completely ignore the
physiological aspects of sleeping not
sleep cycle though this app is a smart
alarm clock that was designed based on a
scientific approach it keeps track of
your sleep phases making it much easier
and faster for you to wake up
so Android and iOS users can add one
more handy app to their collection
number one IFTTT
[Music]
ifttt stands for if this then that this
app allows you to connect to different
programs on your phone you get to choose
which one is the main one and which is
the subordinate so for instance you can
have new pictures automatically sent to
your email or set up a weather alert and
that's not all this app can do once you
download it you'll be wondering how you
ever lived without it for so long and
luckily everybody can get in on this
action whether you're an iOS Android or
Windows user so don't waste any more
time and upgrade your phone to improve
your life and get stuff done do you have
a favorite productivity boosting app
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]